Readme.md, before:

# Districts Shortest Path

A simple exercise aimed to show the shortest distance between two districts written in python.

## Installation

### 1. Install PIP

If you don't have Python's package manager (PIP) installed, you can follow these steps to get it:

#### Windows

- Download `get-pip.py` from https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py to a folder on your computer.
- Open a command prompt and navigate to the folder where `get-pip.py` is located.
- Run the following command:

  python get-pip.py


#### Windows
- Most Unix-based systems come with PIP pre-installed. You can check if PIP is available by running:

### 2. Install NetworkX
- Once you have PIP installed, you can use it to install NetworkX, a popular Python library for working with networks and graphs:
- Run the following command:

  pip install networkx

### 3. Run the Script
- Now that you have PIP and NetworkX installed, you can run the project script as follows:
- Run the following command:

  python districts_graph_ins.py

Commit message:

Editing Readme and removing NetworkX installation instructions

Readme.md, after:

# Districts Shortest Path

A simple exercise aimed to show the shortest distance between two districts written in python.

## Installation

### 1. Install PIP

If you don't have Python's package manager (PIP) installed, you can follow these steps to get it:

#### Windows

- Download `get-pip.py` from https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py to a folder on your computer.
- Open a command prompt and navigate to the folder where `get-pip.py` is located.
- Run the following command:

  python get-pip.py


#### Windows
- Most Unix-based systems come with PIP pre-installed. You can check if PIP is available by running:

### 2. Run the Script
- Now that you have PIP installed, you can run the project script as follows:
- Run the following command:

  python districts_graph_ins.py

- To test the app submit the source and destination to the method below as parameters. 

    ##### test parameters
    Source = Mchinji and Destination = Nkhotakota

    shortest_path = districts_instance.shortest_path_between('Mchinji', 'Nkhotakota')
